contributors: add a tip of markdown syntax of checklist (#250)
pingcap/community: contributors/commit-message-pr-style.md

## Add a few positive/negative examples (optional)
```

> You may also use checklist style listing of contents if needed, the Markdown syntax is like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also use the checklist style to list contents if needed. The Markdown syntax is as follows:
```

```

> - [x] A checked line, something already done or fullfilled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] A checked line, something already done or fulfilled
```
